When the Vestals invaded New Vestroia and captured
all the Bakugan, they didn't count on the Drago
and I returning to free our friends.
Time to get...serious!
So we joined the Bakugan Battle Brawlers
Resistance!
Together we have a chance to defeat the Vexos, take
back New Vestroia and save the Bakugan once and for all!
[battle squawk]
Let's go, Drago!
Bakugan...Brawl!
[\u266a]
Welcome back!
We're reporting live on planet Earth at the home...
...of one of the six master Bakugan Brawlers.
I am actually standing in Runo's caf\u00e9!
Aaaaah...You can feel the excitement in the air.
Does anyone know if there's an off switch on that guy?
You're my favourite make-believe host.
What's this?
An exclusive photo of little baby Runo!
Aaaaaaaaawwwwww!
Whooooza cute baby?
[hugging sounds]
Looking at that sweet, innocent face...Who could
have predicted the fierce warrior this girl would
grow up to become?
No one, that's who.
It's just too cool!
You know, something's not right with that boy.
Come on...I think he's a sweetie.
Whaaaaat? Baron!
We interrupt this special report...to bring you live
coverage of me stuffing Baron into the nearest
garbage can.
Whoa, Baron...I'd lay low around Runo for a while.
Dan's learned the hard way not to tease Runo.
Dan's afraid of Runo.
That's so not true.
Ok...Whatever Dan.
[laughter]
Why, Keith?
A promise is a promise.
This will prove I'm a friend to the Bakugan...
It is you...Keith!
But why?
The others must never know.
Mira...
Order's up.
Table Three!
It's all yours, Runo.
I got it.
Hey Runo!
Let me help you with that!
I bet I'd be a totally great waiter! Watch.
I'll balance this plate on my head!
No thanks, Baron...I've cleaned up enough of your
spills today.
Why don't you go outside and sweep up the sidewalk?
Me? Sweep your stoop? Awesome!
[pleased with self laugh]
[\u266a]
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Voices in the Night\"
Talk later...I should have finished my break like,
an hour ago.
You mean you work here too?
Yup!
I've been staying with Runo and her parents for a
while...So I figure the least I can do is...
put on an apron and help.
Well then, I should pitch in too, shouldn't I?
May I have please have one of those, Julie?
You want an...apron?
Yes please?
It'll help take my mind off Keith.
Ummmm...Anyone need help?
Suuuure!
Uh, I think that's yours.
Hey there Mira!
Are my burger and fries ready yet?
We've been waiting. Sorry.
Curly fries!
Mira!
Pizza!
Mira, over here!
Hello! I'm working too!
Come on.
Don't be such a crankypants, Runo...
You're still the third prettiest waitress.
I wonder how Marucho, Ace and Shun are doing back in
New Vestroia?
Oh My back!
[\u266a]
This can't be right.
The Beta and Delta Dimension Controllers are
growing more and more powerful.
What's going on?
Drago is New Vestroia's Perfect Core, and his
power is what keeps the planet stable...With him
gone, they're getting stronger and stronger.
That's not good!
We gotta move fast or Alpha City New Vestroia
will reconnect with the other Controllers and
we'll be back where we started.
That's gonna be a big job for just the three of us.
The Bakugan are counting on us...We have to find a
way to get into Beta City and destroy that controller.
No matter what happens, Dan and Mira would want us
to keep going.
Mira.
Whoooaaahh!
Hey! Can't a Bakugan get some sleep around here?
Sorry. My bad.
Hmmph.
What's your rush, you fools?
Peekaboo.
Someone's watching you.... Mylene, are you there?
Of course.
What's left of the Bakugan Brawlers Resistance is
heading your way.
You know what must be done.
So do it.
Why yes, sire.
I won't have you making the same mistake as last
time...Do not let them anywhere near Beta City.
I understand, your highness.
During Spectra's absence, Mylene will deal with the
Resistance...And when my rebellious servant
returns, he'll find his Vexos have a new leader.
Blaaahh!
I'm tired of this game...Just let me handle
the Resistance.
Get over yourself.
You're far too reckless...
We must plan carefully.
You don't think I could take those noobs?
I'm saying we must leave nothing to chance.
The odds will be better if we can confuse them first.
If we separate them and take them down one by one,
they won't be able to use teamwork.
Good idea...That's how they turned the tables on
Lync and me in the tournament last time.
Get off it!
Who died and made Mylene leader of the Vexos?
Be quiet and do as you're told, Shadow Prove...I've
got a special part for you.
Look Mylene.
The trailer is stopping.
How perfect...Now the plan begins.
[sigh]
Marucho, wake up.
You're having a nightmare.
...I'm sorry, Elfin...I'm totally stressing out.
I dreamt I had to save the Bakugan all by myself but
then I forgot you in my other jacket.
Don't worry, Marucho.
I won't let you leave me behind.
I guess you're right, Elfin.
It was only a dream, but I'd sure feel a whole lot
better if Dan and Mira were here.
Man, I'm beat.
I should probably be conserving energy but I
just can't get to sleep...I guess I'm just
worried about the others...
But especially...
...Mira...I really hope you're okay.
Hurry back, Dan.
We can't do it without you.
...Marucho...help me...Marucho!
...What was that?
...Dan?
Shun...Marucho...I can't hold on...
Help me, Ace!
Please!
What? Mira?
Okay...This is really freaking me out.
Have you forgotten my voice already?
Get moving and help me!
Sorry Dan, but what happened?
Where are you?
Dude, you really are slow, aren't you?
I'm in between dimensions.
I tried to get back to New Vestroia but I'm stuck in
the Dimensional Gate.
You're in the Dimensional Gate? Over there?
Don't worry Dan. Hang on. I'm coming for you!
Wait, Marucho!
But Dan is in trouble!
We've got to get to him, Shun!
Let go of my arm!
Yeah, Shun! Don't you care what happens to me?
I thought you were my friend!
I am! Is that really you, Dan?
Marucho, hurry!
I'm coming, Dan!
Marucho!
I'll save you!
It's just a little wind.
I can do this.
I should have worn a scarf...
That's it, keep going, Marucho!
What are ya waiting for, Christmas?
[struggling/breathless effort]
Marucho!
I'm coming, Mira!
[staggering/effort]
Hang on, I'm almost there!
Hurry up, Ace!
Don't you care?
Mira!
Ace?
Keep going, Ace.
I can't hold on...
You've got to hurry!
Help me Ace!
I need yoooou!
[evil laugh]
This is way too hilarious!
Good...Then keep it up.
Marucho!
You're the only one who can save me,
Marooooochoooo!
Seriously, I'm so scared!
I'm going to cry!
Waa-waaahhhh!
Marucho! Wait!
I'm coming, Dan!
No! Don't go in! It's a trap, Marucho!
Oh no!
Mira!
That's just great.
We'll be right back with more Bakugan...I hope.
[\u266a]
[triumphant chuckle] Those pathetic fools
[fearful breathing]
[gasp]
...What?
Where am I?
Heeeeeeeeelp!
That was so awesome.
Thanks for lunch Mr. and Mrs. Misaki.
And for the experience waitressing...Who knows, I
might come back for a job.
Yeah sure Mira...any time.
What Runo means to say...is that you would
need more training to work at the caf\u00e9.
But as the best waitress in town I'll be happy to
teach you everything I know.
Don't be so modest, Julie.
Tell us how you really feel.
Uh...just kidding.
[laugh]
You kids are welcome any time you're on the planet.
Thanks...You're the best.
Shall we get going?
And now...for the moment I've been waiting for all
my life...
The next stop Dan's house...You can't imagine
how stoked I am.
Come on!
Ow!
Get a grip, Baron! It's the other way!
[indulgent laugh]
Better get going.
Thanks again.
Come back and work my shift any time!
It's good to see you having fun again.
I'm so glad you were able to drop by for a visit, Ace.
Mylene
[dismissive grunt]
So that was an imposter's voice and not Mira's.
I should have known it was a trap!
It was so moving...Watching you come
running for your precious Mira.
Don't you even say her name!
Suits me...You're never going to see her again
anyway...When I'm through with you, there'll be
nothing left.
That's what you think.
Gauntlet Activated.
Gauntlet Pow-er Strike!
Gate Card Open!
Please allow me...to introduce Aquos Elico!
Elico Stand!
Woah!
Elico Power Level 500.
His power level...is off the chain.
It seems unfair to unleash my powers on such a tiny
weakling.
...Percival!
We'll set him straight Ace!
Let's show them how it's done!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Darkus Percival!
[powerful effort grunt]
Ability Activate!
Night Explorer!
Hmmph. Just a little dust storm.
Laugh it up, Elico.
But this ability will slash your Power Level by
300 points.
Hmmmph...You're putting me to sleep.
Oh really?
Ability Card Set.
How 'bout a wake up call?
Ability Activate!
Tri-Gunner!
Mow them down!
Power Level Increase Detected
Elico! Now!
Attribute Change, Subterra!
[\u266a]
Your power means nothing to Subterra Elicos!
Subterra Ability Activate.
Ability Card Set.
Gaia Luze!
[battle roar]
Percival!
...When I'm finished, Elico will wish he'd
stayed underground!
Too late...The attribute change stops your
abilities cold.
Calculating Power Levels
How does it feel to fight
for such a pitiful Brawler, Percival?
Come a little closer and I'll show you...
Hang in there, Percival!
Bakugan Trap, Darkus Falcon Fly!
[\u266a]
[ready for battle cry]
Give him a lift, Falcon Fly!
[\u266a]
Poor little baby.
Flying away won't help you.... Elico!
[battle roar]
Gate Card Open!
Aquos Reactor!
Water?
I don't get it!
...I thought he just changed his attribute to
Subterra!
What gives?
Things are never what they seem.
You'll find Elico is full of surprises.
Subterra Ability Activate.
Ability Card Set.
Acurus!
[battle cry]
He still has his Aquos powers?
Haven't you figured it out yet?
Acurus allows Subterra Elicos to use any
attribute's powers on command.
[\u266a]
[unimpressed grunt]
...Ah man, She's so smug...Are you okay,
Percival?
I'm okay...I can still brawl.
Are you sure?
We can't give up, Ace.
For the Bakugan.
And for Mira!
You're right.
This the moment you've all been waiting for!
The final round of the Bakugan Battle Tournament!
Who will become the New Vestroia Destroyah?
Are you the one they call Ace?
Yeah.
Okay, you dragged me out to the middle of nowhere
and so far all I know is your name is Mira.
You'll find out more if you can beat me in a
brawl...Here's your gauntlet...
Yeah right...What makes you think I'd battle you?
Word on the street is you're an even stronger
brawler than most of the Vexos but you refuse to
enter the Tournaments...Why is that?
Those tournaments are so bogus...Besides I don't
play well with others...I battle alone.
Always have.
What if I told you I want you on my team?
Your team?
Why yes...I'm looking for the strongest Brawlers to
help me free the Bakugan...Join the Bakugan
Brawlers Resistance.
Free them?
I don't get it.
Beat me and I'll explain...Now let's see
how good you are.
[\u266a]
Ace?
I'm all right!
Let's go again.
I'm good to go...Ready?
[\u266a]
Gate Card...Set!
This time we'll show them no mercy
Percival...Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
[ready for battle grunt]
How soon they forget...Bakugan Brawl!
Darkus Elico!
Gate Card...Open!
Darkus Reactor!
Percival increase 200.
...It won't help you...Elico! Let's go!
Attribute Change!
Prepare yourself!
[\u266a]
Behold Haos Elico!
Can't you make up your mind?
I will shine my light...And reveal your
weakness!
Haos Ability Activate!
Mithran Judge!
[\u266a]
[blinded/frustrated roar]
It's time you saw the light.
[\u266a]
Calculating Power Levels
Enough!
I agree!
Mithran Judge prevents you from activating any of
Percival's abilities.
That's not fair!
Little man...You're no match for us.
Percival!
I gotta change this up.
You've only got 150 points left on your life gauge
yet you still resist...Why continue to brawl when
you're completely outmatched?
Because I made a promise!
The moment I found out the truth about the Bakugan!
[panting/exhausted]
I...can't believe it... I've never lost before...
Welcome to the resistance, Ace.
[angry slapping]
I never said I'd join your team.
That's okay. I decided for you...
Ace, meet Darkus Percival...starting today,
he'll be your new partner.
He's my partner?
You battle with courage, Ace.
Get out! A talking Bakugan?
Hey, what is this?
You can hear him too?
Then I picked the right brawler.
Welcome to the Bakugan Brawlers Resistance.
I'll never give up!
I gave my word to save the Bakugan and I won't rest
until they're free!
How moving.
I almost want to cry...
Gate Card open!
It's time to man it up.
Bakugan...Brawl!
I'm on it!
The joke's on you, Mylene...Bakugan...Brawl!
Percival Stand!
Ability Activate!
Darkus Thunder!
[lightning]
[\u266a]
You think you're so clever...
But you're really not...
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate.
Trick World!
Now tell me which way's up!
Percival Power Level 100.
No way!
Some advice...I'd take a very, very deep breath if
I were you.
[\u266a]
[gurgling struggling]
That's one down...
Their nightmare has just begun...
[\u266a]
Okay!
It's bad enough I'm in the middle of a desert and I
fall into quick sand...
But then Volt shows up for a duel in the dunes and
Elfin and I have to show him who's boss.
Okay, so Volt is boss.
But we're not going to give up that easy.
We're going to bounce back and show those Vexos who
brings the best brawl!
Go kung fu Elfin!
Bakugan Brawl!
Trust me.
You do not want to miss the next scorcher, Brawler buddies!
[\u266a]